Enforce __session name for cookie (#8014)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/backend/google-firebase.mdx

    expiresIn: fiveDays,
  });

  cookies.set("__session", sessionCookie, {
    path: "/",
  });

  return redirect("/dashboard");
};
```

:::caution

> Cookie must be called '__session'. Firebase functions [will remove all cookies except for that one](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting/manage-cache#using_cookies).

Reviewer: To me, this reads like "a session cookie must have this name" when, in fact, it is the only cookie allowed _at all_. 

I think the warning should be a little stronger.

```suggestion
Firebase only allows the use of [one cookie, and it must be named `__session`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting/manage-cache#using_cookies). Any other cookies the client sends will not be visible to your application.
```
